hi youtube this is Sonia k and today I'm
gonna I'm gonna give you a quick
software review I have mac OS x tiger on
this imac not the original and it's the
2001 indigo version with the 500
megahertz g3 processor and 256 megabytes
of ram and 60 gigabyte are dry so let's
pull it up
so there's the finder icon and the apple
logo and the screen is not flickering
again it's just on the video because
it's an old screen but it's pretty nice
high resolution
spooning every prayer fast texture so
that's the boot up I think yes and I'm
not connected to the Internet I just
discovered so in my next year will be
that so yes and let's click on find her
and so version 10.4 point 11 and 500
megahertz powerpc g3 and 256 megabytes
of RAM I'm looking on the internet how
to upgrade the RAM up this because I
took ram for my OPC and put it in the
imac but that's not when i boot it up
when i put in him so it just came a
sound that's lick'em sorry babe and then
it was just back on the screen so i put
that back to old one and when I opened
the thing to to do that I discovered
that the RAM had pulled off from its so
that's not good but oh yeah and we
should look at the dashboard it's
hacking a limit but now I'm not
connected to internet so the weather and
so on will not display properly but is
working well I think it's lagging moment
can translate here so I'm just tap if
twill to take that away and sure this
spotlight here that's new for this
edition so just type in
and then is displaying this best search
hit and programs applications system
preferences documents maps contacts
pictures bookmarks and type and push
just press test take that way so and
what can we do more about the software
we can take a look at finder here yes
the can I work documents programs
I life didn't came with it so I have to
bite and I downloaded Spotify here
that's working well and I can show us
poor try for you
and no internet connection but yeah it's
working well and in the next video I
will show you the hardware of it and I
can show you spur find that too and yeah
bye